README.md, before:

# DESCRIPTION OF THE GAME

---

## [Open the game on the website](https://talex210.github.io/caterpillar_react/)

---

## `!` When changing the screen resolution => `F5` REFRESH THE PAGE `!` 

### This is so that the playing field becomes the correct size

---

## Caterpillar controls from the keyboard

### `W` - move up || `S` - move down || `A` - move left || `D` - move right

### `SPACE` - start || pause move

### or control the graphic keys at the button of the screen

---

## Rules of the game:

 - collision with the frame of the field and the body of the snake **=>** minus life.
 - the snake ate an apple **=>** its length is *+ 1* **&&** the movement speed increases by *25 ms*.
 - lives are over **=>** the game is over.

---

## Features of the game

- it is impossible to set the reverse direction of the current movement.
- in case of collision **=>** the snake returns to its original position **&&** the speed of movement and direction are reset.
- no lives **=>** all processes are stopped **&&** graphical control buttons are disabled **&&** the inscription Game Over appears.
- the snake ate an apple **=>** the apple in the border of the field changes its position to random **&&** the apple does not appear in the snake's body.
- snake length counter.
- the snake's body alternates colors.
- the game can be paused.
- the game is adaptive to the screen resolution.

---

## Enjoy the game =)

Commit message:

Finally, it turned out to be done when the screen resolution changes, the game updates the page itself. A bug was discovered, the game did not start at a screen resolution of less than 600, the frame was leaving a lot. The bug has been fixed.

README.md, after:

# DESCRIPTION OF THE GAME

---

## [Open the game on the website](https://talex210.github.io/caterpillar_react/)

---

### When the screen resolution changes, the page is reloaded

### `!` The game will start again `!` 

---

## Caterpillar controls from the keyboard

### `W` - move up || `S` - move down || `A` - move left || `D` - move right

### `SPACE` - start || pause move

### or control the graphic keys at the button of the screen

---

## Rules of the game:

 - collision with the frame of the field and the body of the snake **=>** minus life.
 - the snake ate an apple **=>** its length is *+ 1* **&&** the movement speed increases by *25 ms*.
 - lives are over **=>** the game is over.

---

## Features of the game

- it is impossible to set the reverse direction of the current movement.
- in case of collision **=>** the snake returns to its original position **&&** the speed of movement and direction are reset.
- no lives **=>** all processes are stopped **&&** graphical control buttons are disabled **&&** the inscription Game Over appears.
- the snake ate an apple **=>** the apple in the border of the field changes its position to random **&&** the apple does not appear in the snake's body.
- snake length counter.
- the snake's body alternates colors.
- the game can be paused.
- the game is adaptive to the screen resolution.

---

## Enjoy the game =)
